never fails that one fucking bullets
always gonna fuck you over all right you
know what today is today is get rid of
that shitty Jeep transfer case shifter
linkage anybody who owns Jeep but knows
that that linkage is a piece of shit
what I got today is a know about
conversion kit which is cable shifting
that's supposed to be really smooth I
did a lot of research there's a few
other companies that make them but
everybody seemed to praise the Novak kit
so we're going to install if it's going
to make my installation easier as my
transfer cases out so you're gonna get
better clarity anyways it's quit fucking
around let's go underneath and get this
shit done the first thing we got to do
start removing all the accessories that
are bolted on I remove this linkage bar
it goes up to the top I just used like a
pry bar pried it out here then use a pry
bar pry node now we get to peel the
carpet back in the Jeep and rip this
cocksucking piece out this old shifter
linkage will be gone gone forever
alright so you're just gonna pull your
carpet back from your shifter there's
those four bolts there so gonna rip
those out and drop the linkage out this
is where having somebody to help you out
but make this part a lot easier cuz now
we got a mount to bracket what I did is
I just got three bolts on backwards
so I could line them up and it's a tight
fit so they'll catch on the side of the
body
now that decides not to fall before I
get some duct tape out ah Kate got a
couple strips on it's hopefully I can
get that in
I shoulda snug this one up I'm gonna
pull those ones out then I'm gonna back
that one off and move it around and get
them all in now you may find that all
the holes will line up now you got a
couple options you can try to use a pin
bar in a pin bar like I did right here
just kind of distorted the metal and now
I should be able to get this last one in
another method you can do if you're
close is to chase a tap through the hole
this is already tapped but if you chase
the tap to the whole cuts metal to the
frame and then that way you'll be able
to chase it do with your bolt those are
all put back into place we put the
carpet back we're done with it now we
get to attach the cable and we got to
spin one nut off and one washer and
we're going to go underneath and attach
it
oh let's fucking try this again before I
tighten that down I'm just going to
quickly read to make sure that there's
not a certain adjustment that needs to
be out didn't say anything that doesn't
mean fucker also will tighten this back
up there that's better kind of gives you
some perspective of where that mounting
brackets gonna go and make sure make
sure that you use blue loctite or
something to lock down the threads when
you remove them for this next step you
got to make sure your transfer case
isn't two-wheel high and your shifters
in two-wheel high one way you're gonna
be able to find out is that this one
goes to front drive shaft spins freely
that one there is locked so now I gotta
feed the cable through inside here put
about halfway in the threads again and
then we get twist the clevis on till it
lines up with that hole so I got my
clevis screwed on all the way and I
can't reach the hole and I'm bummed out
so now I'm gonna have to do they have a
couple choices I could back this off and
move that back to make it fit but I'm
actually gonna take that off up top
screw that in as far as it'll go and see
if I can get a little bit more out of
there well I got her in a couple things
I don't like is the kick and the cable
here it loops around um comes pretty
close to hitting Noah sensor wire here
and I had to remove the jam nut to get
it in here I don't have it drop a cotter
pin in it yet but I'm going to put I
feel my transfer case full of oil now
and then we're gonna shift through it
make sure everything works the way it
should
for high two-wheel-drive for high
neutral and then for low for lows always
been kind of sticky little faster than
this Jeep there we go
the other time it is it's fucking beer
time that's what time it is
I'm going to end my video on the Novak
transfer case shifter installed it does
make it shifting a little bit more
smoother than having the cable linkage
trying to end my video like that if you
have any questions or comments opposed
to blow otherwise thanks for watching